Parallel processing is a way of executing multiple tasks simultaneously by using multiple processors or cores in a computer.
Sequential processing is a way of executing one task at a time by using a single processor or core.
Both methods have their advantages and disadvantages depending on the problem and the resources available.

In Python, you can use the multiprocessing module to implement parallel processing by creating subprocesses that run independently and communicate through shared memory or message passing. 
You can also use the threading module to implement parallel processing by creating threads that share the same memory space but are limited by the Global Interpreter Lock (GIL), which prevents more than one thread from executing Python code at the same time. 
Alternatively, you can use the concurrent.futures module to abstract away the details of multiprocessing or threading and use a simple interface to submit and manage tasks.

Sequential processing is the default mode of execution in Python, where each line of code is executed one after the other in a single process or thread. 
This is simple and straightforward, but it can be slow and inefficient for problems that can be divided into smaller, independent, and less taxing subtasks. 
Sequential processing is suitable for problems that are not computationally intensive, that require a fixed order of execution, or that have dependencies between subtasks.

To illustrate the difference between parallel and sequential processing in Python, let’s consider a simple example of calculating the sum of squares of the numbers from 1 to 100. 

Here is a possible sequential implementation:

Python

def sum_of_squares(n):
    total = 0
    for i in range(1, n + 1):
        total += i ** 2
    return total

result = sum_of_squares(100)
print(result)

This code will run in a single process and produce the correct output of 338350.
However, it will take some time to loop through all the numbers and perform the calculations. 
We can speed up the process by using parallel processing and dividing the problem into smaller chunks that can be executed simultaneously by multiple subprocesses. 

Here is a possible parallel implementation using the multiprocessing module (If I messed up the code I apoligize I really tried to make examples):

import multiprocessing as mp
def sum_of_squares(n):
    total = 0
    for i in range(1, n + 1):
        total += i ** 2
    return total
num_chunks = 4
chunk_size = 25
pool = mp.Pool(num_chunks)
args = [chunk_size * i for i in range(1, num_chunks + 1)]
results = pool.map(sum_of_squares, args)
pool.close()
pool.join()
total = sum(results)
print(total)

This code will run in four subprocesses and produce the same output of 338350.
However, it will take less time to execute because each subprocess will only loop through 25 numbers and perform the calculations.
The results from each subprocess will be returned as a list and then summed up to get the final result. 
Note that this code assumes that the problem can be divided into equal and independent chunks, and that the communication cost between the subprocesses is negligible.
These assumptions may not hold for more complex problems, and you may need to adjust the number and size of the chunks, the way of dividing and merging the data, and the type of communication between the subprocesses.

As you can see, parallel processing can improve the performance and efficiency of your program, but it also introduces some complexity and overhead. 
You need to consider the trade-offs between parallel and sequential processing, and choose the best method for your problem and your resources. 
You can also use both methods in combination, for example, by using parallel processing for the computationally intensive parts of your program, and sequential processing for the rest.
